---
title: Real Life
layout: default
---

People need to start seeing the problem for what it is: a threat to
democracy.

People see Facebook as something minor in the world context, a harmless
distraction that they should reall curb, but they're just so *busy*.

Right now, most people reading think: "Oh yes, Facebook is a threat to
democracy for those people who have been influenced by Russia's social
manipulation. But not me. I have strong convictions."

Reality: if you use Facebook *at all* you are manipulated.

People think that the threat to democracy is just in manipulating
undecided voters. This is wrong. It's more than just voting.

The core problem is not the "weak minded" but those who think they are
not manipulated.

It's more than merely privacy. It's more than merely manipulation of
elections. It's more than feeling envious of friends, of feeling social
isolated. It's about how people wake up and open this digital window
into a fight for their thoughts and attention. They're fighting one vs
teams of people with billions of dollars. Everyone now feels like they
are running on 5% battery all the time because they're in this constant
fight. And a population that feels like they're running on 5% of every
minute of every day is never going to create any meaningful change. The
population are prisoners.


### The best prison is the one the prisoner chooses

### Facebook is good for political organisation

Wrong. No political movement since Facebook has made a fraction of
difference to those prior to Facebook (e.g. May '68).

This is a two-fold thing. Facebook encourages you to outsource your
social events to its events. Prior to Facebook, people would see a
poster with event details, and that would be enough. Facebook has made
you weak and fearful about attending events without its blessing,
without it all being digitally confirmed through its socail surveillance
apparatus.


### But I hardly use Facebook

You're lying to yourself. Think of a friend you "hardly see". Probably
once every year or two. Do you use Facebook more than you see this
friend? The problem is that Facebook has become so embedded in the
neural pathways of the average person's brain that their use of it
becomes invisible. Someone who "hardly uses" Facebook probably still
checks it more than twice a day.

### But I *really* hardly use Facebook

Maybe you really do use Facebook infrequently (i.e. a couple of times a
year). You're still contributing to the problem. You're helping to
reinforce the bubble, because people inside it still search for you, see
that you are "on Facebook" and this confirms their belief that the world
exists inside this digital nightmare.

### Call to Action

Am I asking you to delete Facebook? Yes. You will lead an exponentially
better life. But it's more than that. I'm asking you to become aware.
Aware of where your attention goes. Of who is using you for political
and financial gain.

### footnotes

- [I Used to Fear Being a Nobody. Then I Left Social Media.](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/10/01/opinion/quit-social-media.html)

