---
categories:
  - zuckerberg
---

According to the timer on Mark Zuckerberg's laptop, the meeting had been going
for 43 minutes, which was 33 minutes longer than Mark felt the optimal meeting
duration should be---so much so that he had two other laptops set up in the
middle of the table (one facing each end) with a full-screen digital readout
counting down from ten minutes to zero and into negative time, after which the
background would pulse a dull blood-red. The problem with this approach, he had
gathered, was that after a handful of meeting went "into the red" without much
in the way of reprisal, people seemed to ignore the pulsating laptop timers,
which made Mark feel that the process of setting up the laptops and timing the
meetings in such an ostentatious way only served to undermine his decree that
Facebook's meetings should not last more than ten minutes. His employees
figured that if a topic Mark deemed important was not covered in the allotted
ten minutes then it was not so important after all and, as such, would be
relegated to the bottom of some digital stack of priorities. But Mark could not
very well abandon the ten-minute-meeting principle altogether, which would be
an admission of failure. He was stuck between a rock and a hard place. This
thought reminded him of James Franco in that movie where he cut off his arm.
Mark looked down at his own arm.

Francesca was suggesting a new way to test databasing schemas and wanted to run
these in parallel over the next month of beta trials, which Mark knew would
introduce load problems on the servers, but as it was now 45 minutes into the
seemingly endless meeting, he lacked any of the stamina required to explain why
such error-prone schemas could not be run in parallel. Instead, he pointed his
stapler at her like a gun and fired off a couple of staples. They landed
harmlessly on the table but Francesca still flinched and raised a hand in
defence.

"Let's move along," Trevor Trivinski said. He was guiding this runaway train of
a meeting to its eventual derailment. Next up was Sam Henderman, who Mark had
planned on firing a month ago but now remembered he had become distracted with
a game of _Words With Friends_. Sam wanted to talk about UX. Mark enjoyed
talking about UX (user experience), but on hearing Sam Henderman introduce it
as a topic of discussion more than thirty-five minutes past timer-zero inflated
a bubble of anger in Mark's duodenum. The bursting of this rage-bubble was
averted when Mark noticed a special notification appear on his own laptop
screen: Paul Rankin had posted some more fan fiction about him on Facebook. Sam
Henderman's concerns receded into the usual background hum as Mark read over
Paul's latest post: a short entry about Mark keeping a copy of Bret Easton
Ellis' American Psycho in his desk drawer with Post-It notes on his favourite
passages. Mark had never read American Psycho but liked the film version
starring James Franco.

Paul's fan fiction posts about him were becoming worse; lazy and predictable.
It hardly even seemed worthwhile; this would probably be the last one. He
opened a chat window.

> Mark: saw your latest post. great stuff. \\
> Paul: Thanks bro. \\
> Mark: just in a meeting, will transfer $$ when not so many people around. \\
> Paul: Cool. Whatever. \\
> Mark: c u.

Sam Henderman was still talking. Without looking at him, Mark raised his
stapler and fired off three rounds: a double-tap to the sternum and a killshot
to the head. Sam squeezed his eyes shut and turned his face away but again the
staples landed harmlessly on the table.

The red pulsating timers now passed negative 48 minutes.
