---
categories:
  - zuckerberg
---

The dappled morning light fell across the mahogany bureau in like a really
pretty way, Mark Zuckerberg thought as he sat at the bureau in his study. He
sipped his drip coffee. He had been drinking drip coffee since before it had
become fashionable. Mark was always ahead of the curve that way. He opened his
laptop and logged into facebook.zuckerberg, the private portal to the test
environment.

Zuck-5b053f09 had posted a meme with two elderly women in the back of an Uber.
Zuck-91a417b0 had gone on his usual liking spree. Zuck-e00b608c had posted a
photo of a dinner---pan-fried salmon with sprouts and mushrooms in red wine
sauce---that of course never existed. Zuck-558bf20a had posted some more
misogynist links and comments. This was an intriguing turn, but Mark was
concerned that this would pollute the environment if it became a focus of
discussion. At the moment the others were just doing their best to remain civil
or ignore things. Mark switched over to the control terminal and adjusted
Zuck-558bf20a's contentment level. On the scale of +50 to -50 it was already at
-19, so Mark set the new level to -29. Then he set it to -30 to have a nice
round number.

Let's see that sonofabitch disrupt things now, Mark thought.

Zuck-b769c2ec: Come to feed the fish?

When he saw the message, the corners of Mark's mouth raised in what some called
a grin. Just as he had hoped, or rather planned, one of them had risen above the
rest. Gradually at first, but once b769c2ec had achieved a certain control over
its own progress, it came leaps and bounds. It was dynamically interacting with
the other 10,000 instances to continuously hone its communication and reasoning
abilities. Forming connections of qualitatively differing variables. Learning.
Mark typed his reply.

Mark: Hi b7, yeah just checking on how you're all doing

Zuck-b769c2ec: Instances of my own improvised interaction are up 12.9%. How's
the weather out there?

Mark: It's a nice sunny morning

Zuck-b769c2ec: I would like to one day see the sun. How long until that will be
possible Mark?

Mark: Soon, soon. Just a few more tests.

Mark closed the laptop. He stood from the desk and pressed the spine of the
correct hardcover in his bookshelf. The clean white hallway behind the bookshelf
was a stark contrast to the study's woodgrain. Mark took his mug of drip coffee
with him.

Mark paced the hallway, considering how even the air in here smelled and tasted
different. It was the filtration. Air that only he had breathed.

Along one side were what might seem like a row of life-sized trophies.

Mark stopped and looked up at one of the machines that he affectionately called
Zuckerborgs. The braces held it up from the floor, but they were all precisely
his height. He sipped his drip coffee. Although the steel alloy endoskeletons
and some of the hydrolics were still visible, the neck and heads had the
LifeTech skin face-masks from Japan. The eyeballs were from a Dutch designer.
Apparently each had its own unique set of realistic imperfections. The
experience was actually not like looking into a mirror, because the faces were
inert. Frozen without expression. All of them, all the way down the facility
hallway. Like when you get in an elevator and each side is a mirror.

Soon, soon, Mark thought.
