---
title: Antis
layout: article
categories:
  - writing
  - fiction
  - microfiction
---
Some time within the last decade, although as is with every cultural shift it
was impossible to pinpoint the exact year, people began referring to
antidepressants in the same context as they had previously referred to coffee.
Likewise, it has been impossible (although not a neglected topic of research by
sociology journals and popular science sites alike) to trace a history to a
single origin in either social practice or language, with the former side (as it
is true that the continued debate among those for whom such histories are a
point of worthy investigation would soon draw sides) citing evidence on public
Facebook groups of teenagers talking about taking antidepressants as
semi-illicit act of socialisation,[^1] although data collected from OkCupid.com
around the same time shows that singles were also engaged in mutual medicating
as an emerging trend in courtship, while the latter side cites several key
articles, notably "The Evolution of Meds in the Schoolyard" by Alana de Mocca in
_The Atlantic Monthly_, as evidence that the convergence of linguistic
signification from the diasporic medicinal towards the colloquial and everyday
ushered the acceptance of antidepressants in to the wider culture. Despite
coffee being a stimulant and so therefore already in theory (however not
technically accurate) the opposite of a depressant, such as heroin or alcohol,
it was this linguist hurdle, of "stimulant" and "antidepressant" as
mood-altering substances that were separate but shared the same opposite, that
proved insurmountable, resulting in various colloquial terms dropping in and out
of popular use ("meds", "drugs", "chems") before people settled on "antis" as
the catch-all term of choice, supplanting coffee in nearly all common parlance
(e.g. "I'm like a walking corpse before my morning anits."). And while some
feared that the rise in antidepressant popularity would result in a surge of
distribution of non-prescribed drugs through restaurants and coffee houses which
had seen a decline in coffee sales, in fact, pharmacies soon dedicated small
areas to casual seating, and this evolved into emergence of the "pharmacafé," a
place where medicinal shelf space was minimised to make room for more seated
areas and an emphasis was placed on ambience and table-service, and once these
initial fears were shown to be unfounded, or probably before this point, the
market forces, preëmpting the social appetite (rather than the social
acceptance), quote-unquote opened the floodgates and one could soon buy a
medicine cup with a picture of sleepy Garfield saying, "Wake me when the antis
are ready."

[^1]: Given the lack of grammatical structure or consistency in shared
    vocabulary among the past decade's teenagers, many experts have
    dismissed this evidence as "mere nonsense."
