---
published: false
title: '"Do you have time to talk about the Truth?"'
categories:
  - writing
  - fiction
  - microfiction
---
---Good morning sir.

---Hi. Can I help you?

---You definitely can. Can I ask you a question? Just one question?

---Sure I guess.

---Have you ever wanted to know the Truth?

---Uh, like whether someone is lying to me or not?

---Exactly right sir! Someone had told you something, and you wanted to
know if that thing was Objectively True, correct?

---Objectively true?

---Exactly sir, Objectively True.

---Well I guess that's what I wanted to know, but...

---Yes sir, the universal search for the Objective Truth. I can tell
that you and I already have a lot in common. Sir, may I ask, do you have
time to talk about the Truth? May I come in?

---Well, I...

---Five minutes, that's all I ask, for a conversation---a *good*
conversation---that I guarantee will change the way you look at the
world. Don't you think that *good* conversations are a rarity these days
sir?

---Yeah I guess they are.

---Shoes off?

---Uh no that's fine.

---Shall we sit down? Here's fine, sir?

---Yeah this is fine. But I can't make this too long because---

---Five minutes sir, a *good* conversation needn't ever take longer than
five minutes, am I right sir?

---Yeah I guess so.

---But a *good* conversation can, if one wants, take as many hours as
one has in the day, wouldn't you say?

---I really can't spend hours...

---Oh no sir. I asked for five minutes and that's all I'll take. I
promise you that sir. Five minutes.

---Okay.

---Oh-kay sir. Let's get straight to it then, shall we?

---Yeah, uh, sounds good.

---Now you admitted to me just before, quite a brave admission if I do
say so myself sir, that you have been, all of your life, like most
people, committed to a search for Objective Truth, isn't that right sir?

---Well I don't know if...

---That you have wanted to know if you were being *lied* to, that you have
wanted to find the Truth of the matter?

---Well yeah, that's true.

---I am sorry to say it sir, but you *have* been lied to all of your
life---by your very own senses, sir, by your subjective human
perspective.

---Right...

---All of your life you have been blindly trusting what you see and hear
and touch, taste, smell, but let me ask you this: what would you say if
I told you, sir, that there is a world *outside* of you and I, a world not
limited by each of our subjective perspectives, by our fallible human
senses, a world that is Objectively True, a world that includes
everything in the universe, that includes you and I sitting here right
now---what would you say to that, sir?

---Uh, I don't know, I guess that seems okay.

---It does, sir. It really does seem okay. More than okay, if I may say
so sir, I think, just personally, that that seems *wonderful*.

---Okay.

---But there is a downside too sir, which is, due to our limitations as
mere mortal creatures, our experience of this external world, filtered
through our fallible senses, is just that, *experience*. It is quite like
driving in a thick fog; have you ever been driving in a thick fog sir?

---I have, yeah.

---And all you have are your fog-lights to guide you, which illuminate
the fog ahead like a white blanket, and it really is not *possible* to see
past this white fog-blanket. I submit to you sir, that this is our
impoverished *experience* of the Objective World.

---That's... a shame.

---It is sir. It really is a *shame*. You are exactly right. I can tell
that you and I are very much on the same page. But, I ask you sir, just
because we can't see the road ahead it does not mean that it's not still
there, correct?

---Well, yeah.

---Yes the road is still there?

---Yeah the road's still there.

---Even if we cannot see it past the fog?

---Even if we can't see---

---Exactly sir. Ex-actly.

---Okay. So...

---Oh-kay! Now, you see sir, we are really just distant observers when
it comes to the Objective World. We are limited creatures, destined to
get only an impoverished glimpse of Objective World, but what we do
know, and know it for sure, sir, is that there is an Objective World,
despite our inability to see it.

---So... how do you know it's---

---How do we know that the Objective World is there? That is a good
question, sir, like I said you are *quite* perceptive sir. But let me ask
you this, can we both not see this lovely mahogany coffee table in front
of us?

---I think it's birch...

---Irrelevant. We can agree that we both see the coffee table, am I
correct sir?

---Correct...

---So how else could this be possible, sir, how else could it be
possible unless our separate subjective perspectives were not
referencing the Objective World, about which we can come to see the
Objective Truth that yes, in fact, sitting before us is a fine birch
wood coffee table?

---But then aren't we still using our... perspective?

---It's all we have, sir. I am sorry to say it but that is the tragic
reality of our lot as limited human beings, that all we have is our
subjective perspective with which to glimpse the Objective World.

---Hmm.

---But at least we are *blessed* with the knowledge that the Objective
World is *out there*, sir. That is truly something to be thankful for.

---Hmm, I guess.

---Take some time to process it, sir. These really are lovely curtains.
A lovely fabric, sir.

---So the... objective world---

---Yes sir.

---is out there---

---Yes, yes sir.

---but we can never, um, observe it?

---Yes sir, that is correct sir. But the important thing is that it's
*out there*, that it *exists*, because, if I may speak from the heart sir,
in this life we need something to rely upon, something we can say is
solid, something free from the muddiness of subjective perspective to
plant our feet down upon and say, "Yes, this is the Truth!"

---Well... you see, I saw this documentary on TV a couple of weeks back,
about, what do you call it, quantum physics? And they were talking about
how the "observer" is pretty important? Is that like our "subjective
perspective"?

---That's not important sir.

---Really? It's just that it seemed pretty scientific.

---No I wouldn't worry about that if I were you sir. The whole "quantum
physics"---if you can really call it *physics*---it's quite a mess.
They're not on the path of Truth sir, not on the path at all. Because
what is Truth, I ask you, if it isn't Objective?

---I guess it's not... true?

---Exactly! Exactly right sir!

---So what about, uh... my mind?

---Your brain?

---Yeah I guess, but that's not really what I was---

---Your brain is most definitely a part of the Objective World. It is a
physical thing, correct?

---Yeah it's physical...

---Then it cannot be subjective. Sir, I can see that you are an
intelligent man, just from this brief conversation, and that you are a
man in possession of a *fine* brain inside that skull of yours. And if I
can see that, then your brain is *obviously* not locked within your
subjectivity, therefore it *must* be part of the Objective World.

---So my sight and hearing and stuff is part of my brain?

---Most definitely sir.

---So what I see and hear is, uh, objectively true?

---No sir, I'm sorry, I must have been unclear. I apologize. Your
subjective perspective is definitely *not* part of the Objective World.

---Okay.

---Oh-kay!

---So my experience is part of my brain, but... it's not objective?

---That is correct sir. You're really quite perceptive, sir, quite
perceptive indeed. The easiest way to think of it is that your
*experience* is really nothing. It's not Objectively True, so, between you
and me, it really doesn't count.

---My experience doesn't count?

---No sir, not in the grand scheme of things anyway. And isn't that what
we're concerned with here, the grand scheme of things?

---I guess so.

---I can see it's puzzling at first sir, but let me assure you, *we have
this one figured out!*

