---
title: Robert
categories:
  - writing
  - fiction
  - microfiction
---
Robert picked up his glasses. Gold rims. Large enough. There were two cracks in
the lens. Like two sides of a triangle. And when he positioned them over his
face the cracks became a smudge over everything he saw.

Goddamn fucking fuck.

Is everything okay? The man enquired. The man was bald and wearing sunglasses
that curved around his bald head and he had bulk to his limbs and he defaulted to a
kind of toothy wince. His hands were on his hips. Robert had not vocalised his
concern. He looked to the man, who was standing by the open rear hatch of his
SUV. Robert could see the peroxide bob of the man's wife sitting in the
passenger seat. Robert could see the grey lines working their way down from the
roots of the peroxide bob. The peroxide bob turned and looked at Robert with
similar sunglasses that curved around her head, making her eyes seem like those
of an insect.

Robert nodded and then nodded again and picked up the cardboard box, within
which the unassembled parts of an imitation Eames chair sat tucked together in
the semblance of a cube. The box went into the SUV boot. Through the two cracks
in the lens the man's face yawned into a distended smear. Robert positioned the
box. Closed the SUV rear hatch.

Thanks mate. The man pushed on the hatch to check Robert had succeeded in
closing it. He looked at Robert as he did this. Robert did not look at
the ground. The ripple of smudged reality moved across the man's forehead. Over
his nose, which had been broken when the man played lacrosse in high school.
Over his black insect eyes. Over his bald skull.

Robert could see inside. The SUV left the loading dock. The bald man's black insect eyes
traced a path to its destination. Robert checked the destination of the bald man and
the peroxide bob from the delivery sheet as he unclipped his brace belt. Simon saw him
sign out.

You're on for three more hours.

Got work to do.

Yeah you got work to do here for another three hours. Rob? What are you doing?

Robert, who did not like being called "Rob" or "Bob" or "Bobby" or "Robbo,"
looked back at Simon as he reached the door and Simon's open mouth distorted
into a howling stretch of flesh and teeth and tongue, and Robert stopped and
shifted an amount just enough to reduce Simon's entire head into a smear across
his shoulders.

Robert's car was a silver coupe from the year of 1985 that hugged the road in a
way that signified its movement had real purpose. A silver bullet. There were
some weeks of dead leaves collected below the windshield wipers. Robert had
increasing difficulty entering and exiting his vehicle due to the diminished
height of the seat, but once inside all difficulty subsided. As the inert
streetlights and trees and street signs and glowing billboards and warmly
illuminated underbellies of bridges reflected over the Teflon casing of Robert's
silver bullet, gone was the usual nagging of doubt that his presence at the
wheel of this sleek machine---his role as its unquestioned pilot---was somehow
fraudulent or a mistake slipped through the economic machinations. He was, in this
elongated moment, clear.

Ahead of Robert the other cars slipped through a rift. Metal boxes made malleable
and atoms moved and rearranged into primordial material and light. Robert turned
on the radio. He took a route that would take him through the tunnel with the
very bright lights. He found a radio station with a persistent beat and turned
the volume high. He imagined a checklist. He imagined the paper and the boxes
perfectly square and aligned alongside the list of things he could now clearly
see he needed to do.
