---
title: Analogous
layout: project
category: writing
---
He was reading a book by a writer she didn't know. He was sitting in the
armchair straight-spined and hand on knee, the other crandling the spine of the
handcover. He was approaching the end of a page. He took the edge up with his
fingertips in a curled anticipation although he didn't anticipate. Then the
page turned over. <!-- more --> He looked up at her and gave a warm half smile
and she was about to say something before she realized she didn't know what and
he returned to the page. To his left stood the standard lamp with the faded red
shade and the likewise hanging tassels that hung towards him, and the light
hugged in a small orbit around the armchair.

She put away the dishes that had been drying on the bench. He shifted position
and shifted the book from one hand to the other. From the kitchen she was too
far away to read the title. She took her phone out and searched the author's
name.

In their bedroom she sat down on the bed and opened her laptop and checked the
things that needed checking. She looked at the bookmark in the book on the
nightstand on her side of the bed. She replied to a message from a friend and
ignored another from a friend she didn't know.  She got dressed. She replied
again to her friend. While she was brushing her teeth the laptop sounded three
more messages received and she set it to mute so as to not disturb him in the
other room. While she did her hair she looked at herself in the mirror for
longer than she usually did. At the window she saw he was out watering the
tomato trees and she admired the way the light cast across his neck. Hannibal
came to the window and put his paws up on the glass and she tapped the window
with her knuckle for him to get down.

On the train she rechecked the things that needed checking. Each passing
station contributed to a tally of how far she was away from him, a tally that
then returned to zero that evening.
