---
title: 1973 Ford Falcon
layout: project
category: writing
---
"I could just roll and roll," Jeremy said, as much to her as to himself.  They
each said their goodbyes, which were unremarkable and not much more than nods.
She backed away from the old Ford Falcon and into the dust, and the boy beside
her slipped his dark hand into her lighter one. The horizon suspended storm
clouds that would likely never cross their paths, ahead like possible futures.
<!-- more --> Jeremy lurched his bulk in the driver seat more than was needed
to turn the ignition. He made sure to face her as he pushed the car from
stasis, pulling in a wide arc around the road and at its pivot she stood. As
the vehicle moved away, the boy detached himself from the woman and came to
race along beside it. His skin shone in the afternoon light more than hers, his
eyes and smile were stark against his face. He ran in an alternating series of
bursts and bounds. He waved the whole time.

Straightening up the wheel, Jeremy return the wave. He gave it much more energy
than he would have if he had only been waving to her. He accelerated and the
Falcon's nose pushed away like a shark cutting through waves. The tape deck was
broken and he hadn't thought to turn on the radio, but if he had, he was sure
that due to the many miles travelled, the station would be lost to another new
and foreign signal, and over the sky would come an unfamiliar piece of music,
something grand and operatic that would fill the car and spill out the windows
and pour over the desert. She would hear it too, and they would each know that
although it was only random it wouldn't be.

The boy now sank away from the side of the car and Jeremy looked in the
rear-view mirror to see the woman still standing there, an arm half extended in
the last of a collapsing wave, her face now obscured by the rising dust. The
boy became a silhouette of thin moving limbs. Jeremy was still waving, but now
realized that he wouldn't be seen inside the car, and so he made a fist and
extended it outside of the car, lifting it up toward the sky, aiming ahead as
the Falcon raced away. He didn't know why he knew, but he knew it was very
important that this be her last image of him.
